1afmsog chief af mars
3ac radio monaco
3bb mauritius radio
3dp suva radio
3sd beijing meteo fax
3vt tunis radio
3vw la goulette radio
4ob bar radio
4xz israeli navy haifa
6ww dakar stanag
6ww french navy stanag
7ta alger radio
7tb annaba radio
7to oran radio
8bb35 jakarta bmg meteo
9kk kuwait radio
9mb malaysia navy lumut
9vf kyodo news agcy fax
9vf209 meteo fax
9yl north post radio
a3a nukualofa radio
aberdeen coastguard
aberdeen coastguard wx
abidjan radio
abu dhabi onshore oil
adelaide radio
agadir radio
agana guam hfdl (id16)
air horn channel marker
air-horn channel marker
aktyubinskaero ambarcik
al muharraq hfdl (id15)
al muharraq hfdl (id2)
al mutawa marine works
alarm channel marker
albanian government ale
albrook hfdl (id11)
algeria gendarmerie ale
algerian military ale
algiers radio
almaty aero
als162 time signals
amamapare radio
amazon military ale
amderma aero
american red cross
american red cross ale
anadyr radio
angolan police ale
annaba radio
antanan.volmet x25,x50
apsua radio
aqaba radio dsc
aqp navy karachi
aqp pakistan navy
archirodon constr.co.
arecibo hf atmos.tests
arkhangelsk aero
armenian military net
armor french ny usb/fsk
armyaviation scptoc ale
arrecife radio
ashgabat aero
astana aero
astrakhan radio
astrakhanaero serioshka
auckland hfdl (id5)
auckland radio
auckland volmet x20,x50
australia volmet x00,30
australian airforce ale
australian mhfcs ale
australian police ale
austrian military ale
azeri emergency ale
baf beijing meteo fax
bahia fildes radio
baku aero sardina
bangkok meterolog.radio
bangkok radio dsc
bangkok volmet x10,x40
bari radio ipb
barrow hfdl (id9)
basuo radio
bdf2 shanghai fax
beijing ale
beijing volmet x15,x45
belaya gora radio
belfast coast guard
belfast coastguard
belgian navy stanag
ben thuy radio
bilbao radio
bisan martis x00,x30
bisan martis x15,x45
bmf taipei meteo fax
bodo radio
boeing seattle
bonneville poweradm.ale
bosnian emergency ale
bpc time signal
bpl time signal
bpm xian
brazilian army ale
brazilian navy
brazilian navy ale
brazzaville radio
bremen rescue radio
brisbane radio
bucuresti aero
bulg.military promrch
bulgaria diplo
ca mau radio
cabo de gata radio
cabo la nao radio
cairns radio
calif.emergency sce.ale
cam ranh radio
can tho radio
canarias hfdl (id17)
canterbury mountain r.
cape town radio dsc
casablanca radio
cayenne radio
cba antofagasta radio
cba antofagasta radio dsc
cbf juan fernandez r.
cbm magallanes fax
cbm magallanes radio
cbn wollaston radio
cbp puerto montt radio
cbt talcahuano radio
cbv valparaiso
cbv valparaiso met fax
cbv*valparaiso met fax
cbv valparaiso radio
cbx bahia felix radio
ce.north isl.mountain.r
central weather bureau
cfh halifax meteo fax
cfh halifax radio
cfh halifax stanag
cga984 hf trading
channel marker a
channel marker b
channel marker c
channel marker d
channel marker e
channel marker f
channel marker g
channel marker h
channel marker i
channel marker j
channel marker k
channel marker l
channel marker m
channel marker n
channel marker o
channel marker p
channel marker q
channel marker r
channel marker s
channel marker t
channel marker u
channel marker v
channel marker w
channel marker x
channel marker y
channel marker z
chelyabinsk aero
chelyabinsk aero brazka
chennai radio
cherskiy radio
chile navy ale
chilung keelung radio dsc
china military ale
chinese military ale
chinese navy ale
chu canada
chu ottawa
civitavecchia radio ipd
ckn aldergrove stanag
clt habana radio
cocesna cenamer control
codar sweeper
colombian army ale
colombian navy ale
colombo radio
columbia coastguard
com.rivadaviavolmet x30
commsta portsmouth va dsc
constanta radio
cordoba volmet x25, x35
córdoba volmet x25, x35
córdoba volmet x25, x45
corps of engineers ale
coruna radio
coruña radio
coruña radio dsc
cothen ale
croatian nrpd ale
cross corsen radio wx
cross gris-nez radio wx
cross jobourg radio wx
cross la garde radio wx
cross martinique wx
crossru la reunion
crossru la réunion
cruiseemail
cta nato stanag
cua ong radio
cuban babbler numbers
cuban spy numbers
cuban spy numers
cwc30 la paloma radio
cwc34 punta del este
cwc36 rio branco radio
cwc39 montevideo radio
cyprus radio
cyprus radio dsc
d marker fazan-37
da nang radio xvt
dakar radio
daman radio dsc
danish military ale
danish navy ale
darwin radio
dashoguz aero
dashoguz/tashaus aero
dcf77 mainflingen
ddh47 dwd pinneberg rtty
ddh7 dwd pinneberg rtty
ddh8 dwd pinneberg rtty
ddh9 dwd pinneberg rtty
ddk2 dwd pinneberg rtty
ddk9 dwd pinneberg rtty
delhi radio
dgzrs mrcc bremen
dhaka radio
dhfcs forest moor ale
dhj58 marine
dhj58 marine stanag
dhm91 german air force
dho38 german navy
dikson radio
doha radio
dover coastguard
dushanbe aero
dutch military ale
dutch navy ale
dwd 1 pinneberg rtty
dwd 2 pinneberg rtty
dwd pinneberg met fax
dwd polarstern fax/rtty
dzs4 manila radio
e06 russian spy numbers
e07 russian spy numbers
e07a russian spy numbers
e11 polish spy numbers
e17z spy numbers
e25 egypt spy numbers
e5r rarotonga radio
eac chipiona radio
eao palma radio
eba navy madrid stanag
efr teleswitch
egyptian ale
ejercito del aire
elista aero triol
eqi abbas radio
ezeiza volmet x01
f01 russian spy numbers
f03f polish spy numbers
f03i polish spy numbers
f03j polish spy numbers
f03l polish spy numbers
f06 russian spy numbers
f06a russian spy numbers
falkland fisheries dept
falmouth coastguard dsc
falmouth coastguard
falmouth coastguard wx
fanny french ny usb/fsk
fav22 morse training
fed.aviation admin. ale
fema emergency ale
finisterre radio
fish and wildlife ale
fjy5 arq-e3 192bd/400hz
forest moor ale
forest moor stanag
fr. air force capitole
fr. air force e-3f ale
fr.air force capitole
fr.air force e-3f ale
french air force circus
french air force e-3f
french diplo ale
french military ale
french navy ale
fue brest stanag
fue french navy stanag
fue french navy usb/fsk
fuf french navy stanag
fuf martinique stanag
fug french navy fsk
fug french navy stanag
fug la regine stanag
fuj french navy stanag
fuj noumea stanag
fuj nouméa stanag
fum french navy stanag
fum tahiti stanag
fuo french navy stanag
fuo french navy usb/fsk
fuo toulon stanag
fuv djibouti stanag
fuv french navy stanag
fux french navy stanag
fux reunion stanag
fux réunion stanag
fux stanag
g06 russian spy numbers
g06 spy numbers
gander radio
gander radio a
gander radio b
gander radio c
gander radio f
gander volmet x20,x50
gaurdia civil ale
gazprom nogliki radio
gendameria chile ale
gendarmeria chile ale
genova radio icb
georgia borderguard ale
georgia coast guard ale
german coast guard ale
german fed.police ale
german red cross ale
ghana navy ale
gladstone radio
goose channel marker
gqd anthorn
greek air force ale
guangzhou volmet x00,30
guardia civil ale
guardia di finanza ale
gya northwood meteo fax
hai phong radio xvg
hai phong radio xvg dsc
haikou radio (x20)
haldia radio dsc
haarp
haarp asteroid bounce
hat yai hfdl (id6)
heb bern radio
hfd radio station
hla taedok
hlc incheon radio
hle jeju radio
hlf seoul radio
hlg seoul radio
hlj seoul radio
hlk gangneung radio
hll seoul meteo
hll seoul meteo fax
hll seoul meteo x00-x05
hll seoul meteo x00-x10
hll seoul meteo x05-x12
hll seoul meteo x10-x20
hll seoul meteo x12-x20
hll seoul meteo x20-x30
hll seoul meteo x20-x37
hll seoul meteo x37-x40
hll seoul meteorological
hll seoul meteorological radio
hln gunsan radio
hlo seoul radio
hlw seoul radio
hma pyongyang meteo
ho chi minh city r.xvs
ho chi minh ville radio dsc
holyhead coastguard
hon gai radio
hong kong observatory
hongkong volmet x15,x45
honolulu volmet x25,x55
hornafjördur radio tft
hsw64 bangkok meteo fax
hue radio
humber coastguard dsc
humber coastguard
humber coastguard wx
humpty doo stanag
hungarian military ale
hwu french navy
hzh jiddah radio
iap andenes radar 27us
iap juliusruh radar 27us
iap sauraradar 7,10,13u
iceland coast guard
iceland radio
iceland radio b
iceland radio c
idn ital.navy stanag
idn ny napoli stanag
idr ny roma
idr ny roma stanag
illinois emergency ale
internal ministry ale
international red cross
iraqi navy ale
iraqi security fcs. ale
iraqi security fcs.ale
irish naval service
irit weather radio
irkutsk volmet x25,x55
isafjördur radio tfz
isewan martis x00,x30
isewan martis x15x45
isewan martis x15,x45
isla de pascua radio
israeli air force ale
italcable
italian air force ale
italycable
ivashka-2 radio
jakarta radio
jamaica coast guard wx
jamaica coastguard
jamaica coastguard wx
jeddah radio dsc
jfc misaki fisheries fax
jfe itoman marine r.
jfe itoman marine radio
jfe shizuokaken fishery
jfg shizuokaken fishery
jfm muroto fishery
jfq makurazaki fishery
jfx kagoshima fishery
jfx kagoshima fish.fax
jg2xa propag.studies
jjc kyodo news agcy fax
jjr20 jsd net
jjr31 jsd net
jjr42 jsd net
jjr53 jsd net
jjr64 jsd net
jjr75 jsd net
jjs21 jsd net
jjs21 jsd net master
jjs22 jsd net
jjs32 jsd net
jjs54 jsd net
jjs65 jsd net
jjs76 jsd net
jjt20 jsd net
jjt22 jsd net
jjt30 jsd net
jjt33 jsd net
jjt44 jap.self defense
jjt44 jsd net
jjt44 jsd net master
jjt46 jsd net
jjt55 jsd net
jjt66 jsd net
jjt77 jsd net
jjt88 jap.self defense
jjt88 jsd net
jjt88 jsd net master
jjt99 jsd net
jju22 jap.self defense
jju22 jsd net
jju22 jsd net master
jju33 jsd net
jju55 jsd net
jju66 jsd net
jjv23 jsd net
jjv34 jsd net
jjv40 jsd net
jjv56 jsd net
jjv67 jsd net
jjv78 jsd net
jjv89 jsd net
jjv90 jsd net
jjw24 jsd net
jjw35 jsd net
jjw46 jsd net
jjx25 jap.self defense
jjx25 jsd net
jjx36 jsd net
jjx37 jsd net
jjx47 jsd net
jjx58 jsd net
jjy (id x15,x45)
jjz26 jsd net
jjz37 jsd net
jjz37 jsd net master
jjz44 jsd net
jjz48 jsd net
jjz50 jsd net
jjz59 jsd net
jjz60 jsd net
jjz71 jsd net
jjz82 jsd net
jjz93 jsd net
jmh
jmh japan meteo fax
johannesburg hfdl (id8)
jordan address ale net
jordan air force ale
jwt norwaymil stanag
jxn marine norway
jxu ny bodo stanag
kaliningrad radio uiw23
kamenka-1 radio
kamskoye ustye radio
kan gimmel
kanmon martis x00,x30
kanmon martis x15,x45
karachi volmet x15,x45
kazan aero
kazan aero melodia dwa
kcb53 nws barrow
kci94 nws nome
kci95 nws cold bay
kci98 nws king salmon
kdg58 nws annette
keflavik radio
keflavik radio b
keflavik radio c
kfs point reyes, ca
kfs point reyes,ca
khanty-mansiysk volmet
khantym aero
khantym aero berezhny
khartoum radio
kien giang radio
kinshasa radio
kirinskoye radio
klb seattle radio
kolkata radio
kolkata volmet x05,x35
komsomolsk-1 radio
korsakov radio 12
kotlas aero
kph camspac point reyes, ca dsc
kph point reyes, ca
krasnodar aero tyurik
krasnoyarsk hfdl (id14)
kupang radio dsc
kurushimamartis x00,x30
kurushimamartis x15,x45
kvm70 fax honolulu
kwl38 nws kodiak
kyrgyz military ale
l2c buenos aires radio
l2t mar del plata radio
l2w comodoro rivadavia
l2w comodoro rivadavia dsc
labytnangi radio
la paz volmet x15
lae aero
las palmas radio
las palmas radio dsc
latvian military ale
lba norway mil stanag
lba norwaymil stanag
lbj norway navy
lima radio
lithuanian navy ale
livorno radio ipl
liwa marine services
lol buenos aires
lyngby radio
lzw varna radio
m01 spy numbers 025
m01 spy numbers 197
m01 spy numbers 463
m12 spy numbers
m14 spy numbers 617
machichaco radio
madrid radio
magadan radio
magadan radio 6
maikop aero atlantida3
makhachkala aero ridan
malin head coastguard
malin head wx
malta radio
malta radio dsc
manila radio
mar del plata
mar del plata dsc
marambio base
marconi radio int.
mauritania military ale
mauritius radio
maykop aero atlantida3
melbourne radio
mexican military ale
milfordhaven coastguard
minvody aero shpora
minvody aero ubezhische
minvody aero uzbezhische
minvody aero uzbezische
missouri nat.guard ale
mkg forestmoor stanag
mogadishu radio
moloka'i hfdl (id2)
molokai hfdl (id2)
mong cai radio xvm
moroccan military ale
moroccan police ale
moscow aero
mosdok aero assistent
mozdok aero assistent
mrcc papeete
msf time from npl
mumbai radio
mumbai radio dsc
mumbai volmet x25,x55
murmansk 1 mrcc
murmansk mrcc
murmansk r. udk (mtk-2)
murmansk radio
murmansk radio udk
murmansk radio udk2
myeik radio dsc
n'djamena radio
naa us navy cutler
nadi radio
nadym aero
nagoya martis x00x30
nagoya martis x00,x30
nagoya martis x15,x45
naha radio cwp
nalchik aero tosno
naryan-mar aero
naryan-mar radio 2
nato lisboa stanag
nau us navy
nau isabela rtty
nau us navy stanag
navy athens stanag
nbc port moresby
ndjamena radio
neskaupstadur radio tfm
netherlands coastgd wx
new york radio
new york radio a
new york radio car-a
new york radio car-b
new york radio e
new york radio ldoc
new york radio nat-a
new york radio nat-e
new york volmet x00,x30
nha trang radio xvn
niamey radio
nigerian police ale
nizhnevartovsk aero
nlk us navy jim creek
nmc fax pt reyes ca
nmc navtex pt reyes ca
nmc uscg point reyes
nmf commsta boston ma dsc
nmf fax boston ma
nmf navtex boston ma
nmg fax new orleans
nmg uscg new orleans
nml us navy
nmn uscg chesapeake
nmn uscg chesapeake ale
nmo navtex honolulu
nmo uscg honolulu
noj fax kodiak
noj uscg kodiak
noj uscg kodiak digital
northland radio zmh292
norway navy stanag
nouakchott radio
novorossiysk mrcc
novosib. aero katyusha
novosibir volmet x10,40
novosibirsk aero
novy urengoy aero
npg us navy stanag
npm us navy
npm us navy rtty/stanag
npn guam stanag
npn stanag
nrv navtex guam
nrv uscg guam
nss us navy
nss us navy rtty
nss us navy rtty/stanag
nsy sicily
nta emergency ale net
nukus aero
numbers station 1
numbers station 2
numbers station 3
numbers station 4
numbers station 5
numbers station 6
numbers station 7
numbers station 8
numbers station 9
nursultan/astana aero
nwc us/australian navy
oceansseglingsklubben
odessa radio
ok0epb pendulum
ok0eu beacon d
ok0eu beacon h
ok0eu beacon m
ok0eu beacon r
ok0eu beacon u
okdl iap cas beacon
okhotsk radio
okinawa fishery radio
okpr iap cas beacon
okpv iap cas beacon
oktr iap cas beacon
oktyabrskiy radio
okva iap cas beacon
oleniy radio
olimpia radio
olimpia radio dsc
omsk aero kapel
omsk aero keepi
omsk aero keepl
omsk radio
orenburg aero
osaka harbor x20-x30
osaka harbor x30-x40
osaka martis x00-x30
osaka martis x00,x30
osaka martis x15-x45
osaka martis x15,x45
osu oostende radio
oxj torshavn radio
oxj tórshavn radio
oyr aasiaat radio
oyr aasiaat radio dsc
p03 polish spy numbers
p03e polish spy numbers
p03f polish spy numbers
p03g polish spy numbers
p03h polish spy numbers
p03i polish spy numbers
p03j polish spy numbers
p03k polish spy numbers
p03l polish spy numbers
p50 belawan radio met
p5o indonesian navy
pacific maritime radio
palermo radio
palermo radio dsc
pbb dutch navy stanag
pbb navy den helder
pbb ny denhelder
pbb ny denhelder stanag
pbc ny goeree stanag
pechorá aero
pechora river nav wx
pechorá river nav wx
pechora river ship call
pechorá river ship call
perm aero
perth radio
pescador preacher
peterburg aero
petropavlovsk fishing
petropavlovsk radio ufh
pevek radio 3
pfc navy den helder
phan rang radio
phan tiet radio
phu yen radio
piarco radio car-b
pka sabang radio
pka23 singkel radio
pka26 sinabang radio
pka27 susoh radio
pka4 sabang radio
pka5 ulee-lheue radio
pkb belawan radio
pkb20 lhokseumawe radio
pkb22 kuala langsa r.
pkb29 gunung sitoli r.
pkb3 sibolga radio
pkb52 lhokseumawe radio
pkc palembang radio
pkc2 plaju radio
pkc3 jambi radio
pkc4 panjang radio
pkc4/6 panjang radio
pkc5 pangkal balam r.
pkc53 bengkulu radio
pkc62 kuala tungkal r.
pkc7 muntok radio
pkd surabaya radio
pkd2 panarukan radio
pkd20 ende radio
pkd22 meneng radio
pkd23 probolinggo radio
pkd3 lembar radio
pkd30 celukan bawang r.
pkd33 bawean radio
pkd34 bima radio
pkd35 kalabahi radio
pkd36 kalianget radio
pkd4 benoa radio
pkd48 reo radio
pkd5 benoa radio
pkd50 larantuka radio
pkd51 gresik radio
pkd52 atapupu radio
pkd57 masalembo radio
pkd61 padang bai radio
pkd62 waingapu radio
pkd63 maumere radio
pkd67 badas radio
pkd68 benoa radio
pkd70 gilimanuk radio
pkd95 labuhan lombok r.
pkd99 benete radio
pke amboina radio
pke24 tual radio
pke33 dobo radio
pke37 sanana radio
pke5 ternate radio
pke61 tobelo radio
pke7 fatujuring radio
pkf makassar radio
pkf25 banabungi radio
pkf26 bau-bau radio
pkf3 kendari radio
pkf31 palopo radio
pkf33 raha radio
pkf336 pomalaa radio
pkf34 kolaka radio
pkf37 kolonodale radio
pkf4 pare-pare radio
pkg banjarmasin radio
pkg2 sampit radio
pkg30 kumai radio
pkg31 batu licin radio
pkj tanjung uban radio
pkj28 sei kolak kijang
pkj29 tarempa radio
pkj3 pulau sambu radio
pkj30 dabo singkep r.
pkj32 natuna radio
pkj4 tanjung balai r.
pkk kupang radio
pkk6 seba radio
pkm bitung radio
pkm24 siau radio
pkm25 tahuna radio
pkm26 manado radio
pkm27 kwandang radio
pkm3 bitung radio
pkm4 parigi radio
pkm44 pantoloan radio
pkm5 luwuk radio
pkm6 poso radio
pkm7 toli-toli radio
pkm8 gorontalo radio
pkm81 banggai radio
pkm9 donggala radio
pkn balikpapan radio
pkn2 balikpapan radio
pkn5 tanjung santan r.
pkn6 samarinda radio
pkn7 bontang radio
pko tarakan radio
pko20 tanjung selor r.
pko8 nunukan radio
pkp dumai radio
pkp3 selat panjang r.
pkp35 pekanbaru radio
pkp38 batu ampar radio
pkp44 rengat radio
pkp45 tembilahan radio
pkp50 bengkalis radio
pkp59 panipahan radio
pkp60 bagan siapiapi r.
pkr semarang radio
pkr23 pekalongan radio
pkr24 jepara radio
pkr25 juwana radio
pkr26 tegal radio
pkr3 cilacap radio
pkr6 cilacap radio
pks pontianak radio
pkv teluk bayur radio
pkv4 sipora radio
pkx jakarta radio
pkx2 jakarta radio
pky2 biak radio
pky22 sorong radio
pky23 fak-fak radio
pky25 kaimana radio
pky3 manokwari radio
pky30 nabire radio
pky31 serui radio
pky33 bintuni radio
pky34 sarmi radio
pky4 sorong radio
pky5 merauke radio
pky7 sorong radio
pky8 sorong radio
pky9 sorong radio
pkz2 cirebon radio
pkz20 sunda kelapa r.
pkz34 cigading radio
plath career sstv/2fsk
pnk jayapura radio
pointe noire radio
polish army ale
poronaisk radio 1
port hedland radio
ppe observatorio nac.
ppo olinda radio fax
preobrazhenie radio rtq
protection civile ale
punta carretas radio wx
pwz33 rio d.j.naval wx
pwz33 rio dj meteo fax
pzn paramaribo radio
qui phong radio
quy nhon radio
raa russian navy
radio vacation peche
radionaval horta
radionaval n.ribeiro
radionaval porto santo
raduzhny radio uby
raf volmet
raf volmet military 1
ral2 ru.navy caspiansea
rbu time signal
rbw murmansk meteo fax
rcc ny petropavlovsk
rcv russian navy
rdl russian navy
rea4 airforce meteo x40
red crescent ale
resistenciavolmetx20x50
reydovo-2 radio
reykjavik hfdl (id3)
reykjavik radio
reykjavik radio tfa
rfid devices
riga rescue radio dsc
rio de janeiro radio dsc
rit russian navy
riverhead hfdl (id4)
rjd russian navy
rjd59 russian navy
rjh63 krasnodar
rjh66 bishkek
rjh69 molodechno
rjh77 arkhangelsk
rjh99 nizhni novgorod
rlo russian navy
rmp russian navy
romanian police ale
romaradio iar
rostov aero
rostov aero shpora
rostov volmet x25,55
russian air force
russian naval air
russian navy
russkoye ustye radio
rwm moscow
s06 russian spy numbers
s06a spy numbers
s06s spy numbers
s11 polish spy numbers
s11a polish spy numbers
sabetta radio
safi radio
saint petersburg radio
saint petersburg radio dsc
sakhalin radio
sal radio
salekhard aero
salekhard aerofabrikant
samara aero
samara aero amba
samara volmet x15,45
samarkand aero
san francisco hfdl (id1)
san francisco hfdl(id1)
san francisco r. ldoc
san francisco radio
san francisco radio 1
san francisco radio 2
san francisco radio 3
san francisco radio cwp
san francisco radio cep
san francisco radio np
san francisco radio np1
san francisco radio np2
san francisco radio sp
santa cruz hfdl (id13)
santa maria radio
santa maria radio a
santa maria radio e
santa maria radio h
saratov aero
search and rescue coord
secure emergency net
secure emergeny net
seoul muan hfdl (id10)
seoul radio
seychelles marine wx
seychelles radio
shandong maritime meteo
shannon aeradio a
shannon aeradio b
shannon aeradio c
shannon aeradio d
shannon aeradio e
shannon aeradio f
shannon aeradio g
shannon aeradio h
shannon aeradio i
shannon aeradio j
shannon hfdl (id7)
shannon radio
shannon volmet
shanwick radio
shanwick radio a
shanwick radio b
shanwick radio c
shanwick radio f
shares emergency net
shares emergeny net
shetland coastguard
shetland coastguard wx
siglufjördur radio tfx
singapore radio
singapore volmet x20,x50
singaporevolmet x20,x50
singpore volmet x20,x50
singporevolmet x20,x50
slot machine
slovak military ale
slovenian military ale
sochi aero shtat
solent coastguard
spanish navy fsk
spl polish rescue r.
ssb meteorogical broadca
ssb meteorogical broadcasting
ssca doodah transatlnet
ssca radio service net
st petersburg radio ugc
st.petersburg wx fax
stavropol aero tom
sterlegova radio
stockholm radio
stockholm radio (air)
stolbovoy radio
stornoway coastguard
stornoway coastguard wx
stpeterbg volmet x05,35
surgut aero tsadik-dva
svetly radio kaliningr.
svj4 athens meteo fax
svo olimpia radio
swa18 athens meteo fax
swedish military ale
swedish navy msk 200/79
sxv ny spata att.stanag
sydney radio
syktyvkar aero
syktyvkar aero sivkar
syktyvkar volmet x00,30
t channel marker
t channel marker 1050hz
taganrog radio
tah turk radio istanbul
tah turk radio istanbul dsc
tahiti radio
tallinn radio
tallinn volmet
taman radio
target engineering con.
tarifa radio
tarko-sale aero
tas maritime radio
tashkent aero
tashkent volmet x10,x40
tashkent volmet x20,x50
tbb ny ankara stanag
tbb turk.navy stanag
tbo turk.navy stanag
telenor kystradio
telenor kystradio north
telenor kystradio nouth
telenor kystradio south
telenor maritim radio
telnor kystradio
texas dot net
tfk grindavik
thanh hoa radio
the buzzer
the pip (kaplya) rostov
the pip, rostov
the squeaky wheel
tiksi radio 1
tiksi radio 2
tiksi radio 6
tiksi radio 7
time signal
tokyo martis x00-x30
tokyo martis x00,x30
tokyo martis x15
tokyo martis x15,x45
tokyo radio
tokyo volmet x10,x40
trenton military
trenton volmet
tripoli radio
tulagino radio
tunisian military ale
tunisian police ale
turk.afad emergency ale
turkmenbashi aero
tyumen aero
uat moscow radio
ubl4 bulgin radio
uce2 arkhangelsk radio
udb2 kholmsk radio
ufa aero
ufm3 nevelsk radio
ufn novorossiysk radio
uge arkhangelsk radio
ugc st.petersburg radio
ugc st.petersburg wx fax
uk dhfcs stanag
uk mil.dhfcs stanag
uk mod dhfcs
uk mod dhfcs stanag
ukrainian military ale
un minusma ale
united seas marine sces
ural aero
us air force ale
us air force mars net
us air force messages
us army mars ale
us army mars net
us embassies ale
us national guard ale
us navy rtty/stanag
ust-kamchatsk radio 5
ustyevoye radio
v07 russian spy numbers
v15 spy numbers
v24 numbers station
v26 numbers station
v26 numbers station usb
v28 parrot spy numbers
v5w walvis bay radio
vaj prince rupert radio
valencia radio
valencia radio dsc
valentia coastguard
valentia radio wx
varandey gazprom radio
vcf les escoumins qc
vco sydney meteo fax
vco sydney radio ns
vcp placentia nl
vcs halifax radio
vega military messages
venezuela navy
vestmannäyjar radio tfv
veterans health adm.ale
vff iqaluit meteo
vff iqaluit meteo fax
vff iqaluit radio
vff iqaluit radio dsc
vietnam maritime comm.
vietnamese spy numbers
vitebsk aero
vladikavkaz aero stavok
vladivostok radio
vladivostok radio ufl
vladivostok radio ufz
vmc charleville met fax
vmc charleville ql
vmt hobart radio wx
vmw wiluna met fax
vmw wiluna wa
vmw wiluna wa dsc
voj port aux basques nl
vok goose bay nl
vok labrador coastguard
volgograd aero avrora
vologda aero
vorkuta aero
vrc marine rescue radio
vtg6 indian navy wx
vtp4 indian navy wx
vtx indian navy
vung tau radio
wa1zms fessenden px
washington gaslight ale
wcy marine weather ctr
whl st augustine, fl
witowo radio
wlo mobile radio
wlo mobile radio rtty
wwv
wwv colorado (m.ann.)
wwvb
wwvb colorado
wwvh
wwvh hawaii (f.ann.)
xfl mazatlan radio
xfn progreso radio
xiamen radio
xpa russian spy numbers
xpa2 russian spy numbers
xpb russian spy numbers
xsg shanghai r.
xsg shanghai r. telex
xsg shanghai radio
xsg shanghai radio dsc
xsg shanghai radio fax
xsh basuo radio
xsi sanya radio
xsj zhanjiang radio
xsl fuzhou radio
xsm xiamen radio
xsq guangzhou meteo fax
xsq guangzhou r.
xsq guangzhou r. telex
xsq guangzhou radio
xsq guangzhou radio x30
xsr haikou radio
xsu yantai radio
xsv tianjin radio
xsv tianjin radio (x00)
xsv tianjin radio telex
xsz dalian radio
xsz dalian radio (x05)
xsz dalian radio (x40)
xvt da nang radio dsc
yagry arkhangelsk radio
yakutsk radio 1
yangon radio
yekaterinb.aero alenki
yeysk radio 1
zaporozhye radio
zbm bermuda harbor
zhousan marine met.r.
zhoushan marine met.r.
zklf wellington met fax
zlm taupo maritime r.
zsc cape town radio
zsj capenaval meteo fax
zyryanka-1 radio
